Hello acquired listeners. We have a very
special treat for you today. We have an
episode here with Brett Taylor and Clay
Bavor. David, this is an awesome
conversation.
>> Oh, we've gotten to know Brett and Clay
a bit over the years and especially in
doing research for our Google episode.
They were both incredibly helpful
because they both started their storied
careers as APMs, associate product
managers at Google back in the early
days. helped with part one, they're
helping with part two, they're now
co-founders of Sierra together, but
really, I mean, they both have had like
among the most incredible careers in
tech in the last 20 years.
>> Yes, Brett's done various things. Clay
has done one thing or many things inside
Google, but Clay was at Google for over
18 years, started in the APM program,
worked on everything from ads at the
beginning,
>> led product for Gmail, Drive, Docs, all
the apps, everything that became
Workspace. eventually ran Google Labs,
did a bunch in their hardware, VR, AR,
futurelooking screens. Brett, his name
pops up in like every episode research.
He was at one point the CTO of Facebook.
This is after his Google days where he
of course co-founded Google Maps. He was
the co-founder of Friend Feed, which I
loved Friended was a big user before
that was bought by Facebook. started
Quip, got acquired by Salesforce,
>> and then became the co-CEO of of
Salesforce, still actively writes code,
by the way, referenced on this episode.
>> We have a fun little bit at the end
where we're like, okay, which of you
created more market cap in your career?
You know, Brett through your incredible
journey or Clay just by cranking on
Google.
>> And Brett is the current chairman of the
board at OpenAI and I think we didn't
talk about on this episode, but is also
crazy was the chairman of the board at
Twitter in its final moments as a public
company. So two legendary figures to sit
down and talk with this episode. We talk
about everything AI. There's the great
conversation of is it AI a giant step
forward change in the world or is it
just better software and what are all
the second order effects of all the
change that's going on with AI. We talk
about Sierra the company that they are
currently building together and a lot of
little tech history tidbits especially
as it relates to our Google episode 2.
So, please enjoy our conversation with
Brett Taylor and Clay Bavore. Great to
have you guys here.
>> Thanks for having us.
>> This feels like a special moment for us
here at Acquired. You both have helped
so much with past episodes. You have
sent us nice little notes with
corrections and tidbits and here's how
we think about it. So, thank you both
for that.
>> Oh, it's so fun to be a part of it. And
I I thought part one just nailed it in
in particular in the later parts of it,
just how Google really got distribution
right. Toolbar and Google pack and
Google Earth and so on. So I loved
listening to it.
>> Oh man, the Google Earth story of the
spyware of toolbar included in the
install package.
>> Careful, David, with that spyware word.
>> It's a bundle. It's a bundle, David.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
That's a word that has disappeared from
the lexicon. I've been thinking about
that actually in the age of AI because
if you look at the early internet, you
had archaic terms like information
superighway and remember web masters.
>> Oh yeah,
>> those were like the people who maintain
websites.
>> That was my first job title.
>> And I wonder now with AI, we have all
these terms AI engineer, AI architect,
all these things. You wonder what's
going to stick and what's going to feel
like information superighway. So anyway,
I think a lot about that.
>> Do you have any beliefs? It seems like
we've already seen prompt engineer kind
of enter and exit the lexicon.
>> One of my favorite things to do is go to
the internet archives way back machine
and look at a company's website and when
they transition from ML to AI and then
AI to Gen AI and then from Gen AI to
agents and agentic and so there is a lot
of jargon in the space right now and we
try to keep it simple. I don't know what
the information superhighway equivalent
is yet, but I'm sure it's there.
>> My hypothesis is actually the word agent
will stick. I think I like the nouns of
these technologies. So, web has sites,
mobile has apps, AI has agents, and I
think it's going to stick for that
reason. But a little bit like app, the
word app in like the VC community and
like, you know, 2013 was a hot word. Now
it's just a noun that describes like a
packaging for a piece of technology. So
I think agent will go that way. It'll
feel extremely novel and and shiny and
complex now and then it will start to be
oh this is just the digital autonomous
thing like we have a billion of in our
lives. So I think the word agent will
stick but we can talk in 10 years and
we'll see if I'm right.
>> Have you evolved the lexicon of how you
describe Sierra? I mean, you haven't had
that long of a life as a company, but it
seems like there's already been a
tremendous amount of change in AI since
you started.
>> In a nutshell, what what we help
companies do is build their own
customerf facing AI agents for all parts
of their customer experience. And we
think in the future, your AI agent will
be more important than your website,
more important than your app. It'll be
the main way you interact with your
customers. And in terms of how we've
talked about it outwardly, actually when
we launched the company just over 15 or
16 months ago in 2024, we were worried
when we said in the launch blog post,
every company needs an agent that people
wouldn't know what we're talking about.
And so fast forward, you know, just 12
15 months, my goodness, agents are
everywhere. I think people understand
it.
>> No, it's like ah the word agent again,
you know, but it was really cool 15
months ago. So,
>> I was speaking with the CIO of one very
large retailer and he stopped me about
15 minutes in and said, "Clay, can I
just thank you for not saying the word
agentic in the first 15 minutes here?"
So, just trying to keep it
straightforward.
>> I can't believe that Sierra is only
what, like less than 18 months old.
>> We started the company a little before
that, but we like told the world what we
were doing less than 18 months ago. And
it's insane. The way I think about these
technology trends is they layer on top
of each other and sort of compound. So,
you know, to put a PC on every desktop,
which was, I believe, Microsoft's
mission in the early days,
>> on every desktop running Microsoft
software,
>> of course,
>> that was stripped out once the DOJ
started snipping around.
>> Yeah. You had to actually make a supply
chain of of PCs. You had to lower the
cost of the chips. You had to and you
know, we got to basically two billion
PCs is my understanding. We didn't
actually get it to everyone in the
world. Then you developed the internet
and you know it got to ride on the
coattails of the PC revolution. So you
know at least in most workplaces there
were PCs and you were able to connect it
in universities and workplaces and then
eventually people's homes. And then when
the smartphone came out you had the
internet already. So you know if you
remember Steve Jobs pitch it was a
browser with a iPod with I can't
remember the whole thing. It was a great
a great keynote pitch, but he could ride
on the coattails of all of that
infrastructure buildout, the networking,
the existing websites. And now with AI,
where we only had two billion PCs, we
have more smartphones than people in the
world already connected by the internet.
So when you make something like chat
GPT, you can go from to zero to 100
million users faster than any technology
in history because of the other
technologies though. like you couldn't
have gotten there if not for the build
out of the internet, if not for the
smartphone. And so for a company like
Sierra, we're growing so quickly because
the plumbing is already there. People
already have a phone number that's
getting, you know, 100 million phone
calls a year and it costs a lot of money
and people don't like it very much and
the technology is available. So I don't
mean you can just turn it on. Obviously,
there's a little bit more work to it
than that, but we're just riding on the
coattails of all these amazing
technology investments. So, these new
technologies can be adopted faster than
any of the previous ones in history. And
I love those graphs of like electricity,
internet, smartphones, and they just all
so get so steep. They lines just look
vertical, you know, by the end of the
graph. And I we're just living in that
world, which is fun and insane.
>> What do you think the natural limit of
that is? Will we see something that gets
a billion users in a day five years from
now?
>> Yeah, we're already like so compressed.
It's like,
>> well, one stat I look at all the time is
the first website came online in and
around 1991. It wasn't until 2002 that
you had about 10% of the world using the
web in a given week.
>> It was illegal in 1991 to use it for
commercial activity.
>> No, there you go.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. 1993 was the act.
>> That's that's why is a thing like
commercial. God, I can't believe I
didn't know that. Now everyone knows
that I didn't know it, too. I'm on a
podcast.
>> It's okay. It's okay,
>> Brett. And in comparison, Chat GBT took,
you know, 25 months or something to go
from not existing to something like 10%
of the world using it in a given week.
And so, a billion users in a day, Ben,
I'm not sure about that. But I do think
the compounding kind of scurves layering
one on top of another just drives
distribution. Also, awareness, right?
the ability for someone to become aware
of a new thing has shortened from, you
know, potentially years to months to
minutes with just ubiquitous social
media and all of the distribution
channels there are.
>> So, okay, what's the current record? If
we're going to say no, it could never
possibly be a billion users in a day. I
think I saw
Lovable 8 months in. I'm sorry, this was
a revenue milestone. It was 100 million
in revenue. But what's the fastest
company you've ever seen to a 100
million users? It's got to be chat GPT,
right? I mean, I I don't know this, but
it's has to be. And when we go back to,
you know, talking about Google, which
started in 1998, and, you know, sort of
one of the darlings of the dot era, one
of the things I think a lot about is if
I mention the word dot phrase, that
word.com phrase to you, most people
mentally associate with pets.com and,
you know, all the the companies that
failed.
>> Web van. Web van two in there.
>> Web van. Yeah, exactly. And almost to a
tea, if you say.com, people come back
with the failures. If you look at the
S&P 500 now and you look at the amount
of value from companies created in that,
one could argue that actually almost all
of the exuberance and hype was totally
warranted and it in fact did change
commerce in fundamental ways. It did
change the financial system in
fundamental ways. It changed everything.
My guess is we're sort of in a similar
era. You have a lot of snake oil, the
jokes we were just saying about people,
god say the word agentic again. Oh my
god. You know, but it's coupled with
chat GPT growing faster than any
consumer product in history. You look at
the revenue growth of companies like
Sierra, you mentioned lovable, all these
other B2B software companies. I think
there's very real value being created
here. And fundamentally software is not
just adding productivity, you know, to
workplaces and to individuals, but
actually completing work. And that's
where the word agent comes from, agency
and reasoning. And I think we're going
to see this really significant uptick in
productivity. And that's going to be
coupled with B2B software companies who
are selling this, you know, sharing some
of the the upside of that productivity
enhancement. And for consumers, I
self-identify as a computer programmer.
like the the thing I love to do the
most. And I'm like, man, that's sort of
like saying I'm do you remember like the
calculators, the people who like
calculated things before we had
calculators? I'm like, am I that?
>> And they were computers, too. They were
also called computers, people who
comput.
>> Yeah. So, yeah, my the thing I
selfidentify with is like being obiated
by this technology. So, it's like the
reason why I think these tools are being
embraced so quickly is they truly are
like an Iron Man suit for all of us as
individuals. So I think we're going to
look back at this era and we're going to
joke around about whatever turns into
information superighway like the terms
that get antiquated but I think we'll
also look back and say this was an
inflection point in society and
technology and I think it will be as
significant as the advent of the
internet.
>> Yeah it's wild. I mean thinking about
the acceleration of adoption of these
successive waves
>> which by the way I looked it up chat GPT
was 5 days to a million users and two
months to 100 million users.
>> That sounds right. I don't think we're
quite there yet. I mean, you guys would
know better than us if we are or aren't
and what it's going to look like. But
once we figure out distribution of like
the equivalent of an application layer
on top of AI, you know, chatgbt, etc.,
all the friction to adoption and
distribution is just gone. Even in the
com website, you could argue there's no
friction to type in a website or, you
know, go to a service. But the human has
to like become aware, have interest, you
know, the whole like, you know, sales
pro interest, awareness, decision,
action, that's just gone.
>> Why, David? No, no, no. You still have
to learn that a thing exists.
>> No, no, no. I mean, say chat GPT, if
that becomes the front door adoption for
new services and businesses built
integrated into it, well, GPT is just
going to figure it out and serve it to
you. We saw this with Studio Gibbly,
right?
>> Well, actually, I think it's going to
really upend the internet in pretty
meaningful ways. So you talked about the
awareness, adoption etc. Like if you
look at the market on the internet now
you have demand generation and discovery
which is right now dominated by social
media and the ad networks affiliated
with social media. Then you have demand
fulfillment which you know used to be
search and adwords and and all of this
and that used to be still is obviously
and then you have the actual
transactions themselves like the
commerce systems and other things like
that. And you know, right now you could
say AI is impacting all of those
products in very meaningful ways, but as
you alluded to, David, let's just say
that personal agents become a thing. How
does that impact that entire funnel?
Because when you're generating demand,
that probably will still be relevant for
individuals, but are you going to be
generating demand for people? Are you
going to be generating demand for their
agents? What does that even mean? And if
it's other agents making the decision of
whether to interact or not, you know,
that whole demand genen cycle like that
takes time with humans.
>> Oh, without question. And you all have
discussed pricing strategy in a bunch of
your different shows, which is really
interesting. And you know, there's a
classic like have a really expensive
product and one slightly less expensive
below that and how people react to it
psychologically and all these other
things. And if it's an agent, you know,
what happens there? Will these things
sort of trend towards the mathematically
optimal? Because you think about these
platforms, you know, brands don't want
to be disintermediated and they don't
want to be commoditized. And then the
platform providers, they don't
explicitly say it, but they're like sort
of want to disintermediate and
commoditize everything, you know, and
and it's not like a formal strategy, but
that's sort of the natural tension of
these platforms with personal agents and
and agents like Sierra builds for
companies that represent their customer
experience. I think the second and third
order effects are very hard to predict
here. And you know, what does it do for
the demand generation, demand
fulfillment ad market? What does it do
for these platforms? Which companies
will have their own agents and have
enough brand equity to have their own
agents and which companies will be
dependent on it's a little bit like
saying which retailers depend on say
Instagram ads versus firstparty
discovery. So I think we're at the cusp
of something that will in 5 years we
will have a very different market on on
the internet. And I think even for
people in the middle of it like Clay and
me it's very hard to predict. I don't
think many of us predicted many of the
second or third order effects of the
mobile mobile app store or social
networks correctly and I think this
one's even harder to predict but I think
it's going to really upend I think the
economy of the internet in significant
ways.
>> Brett and I like betting and one of the
bets we have is the year in which
greater than 50% of conversations with
agents built on Sierra are with people's
personal agents. So agents talking to
agents.
>> Okay. Yeah. So what's the bet? What's
the overall
>> Oh, we can't reveal No, we can't reveal
the number. can't reveal the can't
reveal the date secret
>> because you think you'd impact the
outcome or
>> Clay has so far won all three bets that
we've had.
>> Really? What are some of the other ones?
>> The theme is Clay is more optimistic
than I am.
>> Optimism always wins.
>> One of the first was we had a bet as to
what percent of kind of all incoming
customer issues one of our agents could
resolve. And Brett was maybe the
pessimist and realist favorably
charitably. And I bet we'd exceed 80% by
the end of the year and we did. And it
it just exceeded every expectation where
>> I was at 50 just for reference and Clay
like not only won the bet but like won
handily
>> by a significant margin.
>> And this is across all your customers
whenever a new issue is originated with
one of their customer service requests.
How often the Sierra agent could handle
it.
>> That's right. And looking at a
particular customer and these agents,
it's so neat. They're not only answering
questions, but doing things like if you
are moving from car A to car B and have
a SiriusXM subscription. Harmony, which
is SiriusXM's agent, can actually send a
satellite signal from space to refresh
the encryption keys on your car. ADT's
agent that we built with and for them.
if your alarm panel starts beeping, you
don't know why, it can troubleshoot,
could figure out which of the 52
different panels you have, and then mail
you a battery itself, if that's the
issue.
>> By the way, just think about that for a
second. You're talking to an AI that's
talking to a satellite that's sending
something to your car, like no people
involved. Yeah, you're probably like,
"Yeah, of course it does that." But like
this is like science fiction 3 years
ago. Now you're like, "Yeah, of course
the AI is talking to a satellite. No big
deal." You know,
>> I remember one of our earlier customers,
Olai. They sell great flip-flops, by the
way, if you're in the market. And on the
day that we successfully, one of our
agents successfully processed a
warranty, looking at photos, inspecting
the photos to make sure it was the
product in question, and then shipped
out a new pair of replacement shoes all
on its own. There was cheering in the
office. And it's just neat these these
agents interacting with the physical
world.
>> By the way, this is a true story. So,
I'm in an interview with a candidate and
the whole office is like, "Yeah." And I
come in and they're like, "We we
exchanged some flipflops. Woo." And so,
uh, it was a moment. It you had to be
there. But it was a very exciting moment
for us. So,
>> which must be an amazing way to
demonstrate culture to a candidate, by
the way, that they come out of an
interview, they're like, "What the hell?
What's going on?"
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, it's fun. I mean, it was
just a hilarious moment because it was
so like explaining it felt so trivial.
Let me explain why flip-flops are a big
deal to us, but trust me, this is a big
deal. So,
>> that's like the uh Were you there? It
might have been a little before your
time, but when Facebook was negotiating
with Microsoft for the ad deal, and they
were having the hackathon to launch
international that same night, and it
was all orchestrated all together, and
there's like house music playing and all
the, you know, middle-aged Microsoft
execs like, "What the hell is happening
here?"
The hackathons at Facebook were epic.
And yeah, there's always someone there's
usually Mark Sley de DJing and yeah, it
was great. It was fun.
>> Some days I wake up and I'm on one side
of this debate and some days I wake up
on the other side of this debate. The
first way is AI is such a
transformational technology. It is
different than anything that's ever come
before it. Let's just look at labor
productivity. It makes people so much
more productive that you need way fewer
people to make things. It's going to put
all these people out of work. Every
societal model that we've had in the
past is now broken because this is such
a giant step change for everything. The
other days I wake up and I'm like it's
just software. Mobile apps were great
software. SAS was great software. Cloud
was an amazing way to run your software.
Software gets better with Moors law and
more powerful more sophisticated. And
this is just more powerful software. How
do you guys think about that? The first
principles way I think about it is what
are you making plentiful that now that
was scarce before and how does that
impact society? So I think about taking
energy and making it scarce to plentiful
to the point now where you walk into a
room and you flip on a light switch and
you don't think anything about it. But
for hundreds of years that was a scarce
resource
>> and it is now again with data centers.
>> Yeah, that's right. Yeah, we're doing
our best.
>> Where are the tokamock fusion reactors?
>> I think in the western world similarly,
you know, food access is food is largely
plentiful. Food insecurity while present
isn't a dominant part of society as it
once was. And and now we're going to a
world where intelligence has gone from
something scarce to something plentiful.
I think it's very hard to imagine. Prior
to modern farming and food distribution,
most people spent a lot of their time
thinking about food. you know, that was
like a big part of just living and now
it's something that is for a lot of
people not a central part of their
day-to-day like plan is like, you know,
acquiring food. First, I I think we have
gone through transitions as significant
of this in the past as society, but I
think it's very significant. I I don't
think it's just software. That's my my
personal opinion. Although I do waver
like you, Ben, some days I'm on one side
of of this on the other. I think it's
pretty significant because I know I
personally and probably everyone on this
podcast like identifies to some degree
their identity with their intelligence,
right? You know, it's a big part of why
people listen to your podcast. It's how
you got into university and got a job
and got all these other things. You say,
gosh, if this is now plentiful, who am
I? What do I contribute? I and I brought
up the kind of like personal thing. It's
really interesting. There's this meta
thing in in the Silicon Valley right
now, which is if you tell what what jobs
are most likely to be automated with the
current generation of technology, you
would probably put software engineering
right at the top. The people building
this technology or building the
technology that is disrupting their own
profession. And that's I'm not sure
unprecedented, but certainly unusual
with technology disruption. So I think
this idea of like identity and
intelligence and the technology
impacting our own perception of
self-worth is happening in a very
personal way for a lot of the people
working on it. I am very confident that
on the other side of this just like
we've gone through with the industrial
revolution and the agricultural
revolution all these other things we'll
come out the other side and just end up
like higher leverage species. Like we'll
spend our time on different things than
we did before. But I believe that this
will make us just like happier, more
productive, have more plentiful. Like we
will just have access to more things. I
just think about like really simple
things like access to mental health
care, access to education, access to
medical advice, access to legal advice.
We're essentially taking expertise and
making it a commodity. And I think that
will is generally democratizing. I think
many of the things I mentioned, if you
have wealth, you have a lot of access to
and if you don't, you don't. What a cool
thing that we've made this like
universally accessible. But just like
you had the lites and the industrial
revolution, you're going to have this
very this period of transition where
it's saying like how I've come to
identify my own worth either as a a
person or as an employee has been
disrupted. That's very uncomfortable.
And that transition isn't always easy.
If you look at globalization, it lowered
the cost of a television set, but it was
hard if your the factory in your town
was shut down, right? And so if you look
at things like GDP numbers or
productivity numbers, it it obscures the
individual impact that is not always fun
or easy or good. And then similarly, it
could be great in 10 years but really
hard over the next 2 years, you know,
and I think probably all of those things
are true.
>> It's Silicon Valley is like right in the
middle of it.
>> Yeah, it's you're just in the middle of
it. My view is it is as transformational
as the the former of what you said, Ben.
Like I think it is truly
transformational. I also think the
transition will be awkward and probably
slower than people think. In the last
comment because it was a long too long
of an answer, but I don't think all
parts of the economy can absorb
intelligence equally. So let's just say
we develop fairly generalized super
intelligence. I always use the analogy
like you can invent a lot of drugs, but
if clinical trials still take a long
time, you're not necessarily going to
get new therapies rapidly. You have
regulation, you have cultural
resistance, you have all these other
things. The technology is
transformational. I think probably it
will impact society on a more measured
pace than I think a lot of the folks in
the AGI community think just because of
the natural rate limiters of society
around. It's not like intelligence is
the only input to to productivity
growth. But I really do think it's
transformational and I think it's both
in a great way and a kind of
uncomfortable way. I think it's
transformational.
>> Specifically for you guys, I'm so
curious. What is the state of human
capital at Sierra? You're, you know, one
of the leading AI companies. You could
probably recruit anybody you want. I
mean, given who you guys are, but at the
same time, you were just saying, Brett,
AI can probably do a lot of what people
at Silicon Valley companies used to do.
Like, what what are you guys doing?
You're living it dayto-day.
>> Well, first of all, everything we do as
a company is going to be the, you know,
direct or at least indirect result of
talented, smart, amazing people who are
motivated to accomplish an important
mission doing great work. And so since
starting the company in March of 23,
we've grown immensely. We're the leaders
in the space and the demand for what
we've built has been overwhelming and we
are just growing the company in terms of
people and geographies and industries as
quickly as we possibly can. And on top
of that though, it's like we look for
every point of leverage we can find with
AI. And so we aggressively use cursor in
our engineering teams. And I don't know
what the percentage today of lines of
code written by cursor is, but it's
pretty darn high and getting higher by
by the day. To Brett's previous point,
it is today this immense force
multiplier for talented people who one
of our most senior engineers, actually
the first person who joined the company
after Brett and me, basically sent a
coding agent over the weekend to just
come up with a dozen PRs for things that
he wanted to fix. And it came back and
half of them were great, a quarter of
them were total garbage and a quarter
needed some work. But like it was, you
know, in a way him working the entire
weekend with, you know, guidance from
him.
>> Let me double click on the cursor thing
though for a second though cuz Clay and
I talk a lot about this. So we always
like to say the way we think about an AI
first company is we're building a
machine to produce happy customers. So
that's the way we think about it. And I
think that's important because it's like
if something comes off the assembly line
of machine that's like malformed, you
don't just fix that thing. You say what
part of the machine broke to produce the
malformed item. And so just as it
relates to for example software
engineering we have this philosophy like
when cursor which is the most popular
co-pilot for software engineers to like
write code and now having some sort of
more agentic flavors of it if it
produces incorrect code our philosophy
is don't fix the code fix the context
that cursor had that produced the bad
code and I think that's a big difference
when you're trying to make like a
company driven by AI and just use AI
because you So essentially, if you just
fix the code, you're not adding
leverage. If you go back and say, what
context did this coding AI not have that
had it had it, it would have produced
the correct code. So I don't want to
pretend we're perfect here, but that's
the way we think about it. I really like
thinking of our business as a machine.
This is a clayism. He said this once
like right when we're starting the
company. He said, "We're building a
machine to produce happy customers." And
like nerds snipe me. And I'm like, "Oh,
we are 100% building a machine."
Employees roll their eyes, but it's like
fix the machine. fix the machine. Don't
just fix like the output of the machine.
And I think with AI, it actually creates
a very actionable framework for how to
bring AI into the company. But somewhat
ironically, like as Clay said, we are
hiring a lot of people. Notably to me,
all the AGI labs are hiring a lot of
people. So there's some I don't know,
the elephant in the room is it's not
quite
>> You guys are in the center of this. I
mean Brett, you're the board chair at
OpenAI. Like what do you guys do as
Sierra? You're incredibly wellunded, you
know, etc., etc., But like you can't
compete with a $300 million comp package
for some like what is going on with
hiring?
>> I assume you don't need those people.
>> Yeah. So we're an applied AI company.
Let me just give you my view of the
market. This is something you all could
debate. So I think there's basically
kind of three big categories of AI
software companies. First are the
foundation and frontier model companies.
These are the folks that are somewhat
infamously or famously competing for
these scarce resource of these great
researchers. Many of them like OpenAI
are missiondriven and trying to create
artificial general intelligence. Some of
them are more commercially minded and
essentially building these models which
they then license or lease out to to
companies like ours. Then there's a
category of people who make tools on top
of it. So the proverbial pickaxes in the
gold rush, you need data labeling
services and you need a data warehouse
on which you can you know or you need a
retrieval augmented generation like a
vector database to support retrieval
augmented generation and all these
things like just I'll say all these
tools that one uses when you're you're
building an AI platform and then there's
companies like Sierra where we make AI
agents for customer service customer
experience Harvey who makes AI agents
for the legal profession I think of
companies like writer do it for
marketing you know so there's just all
these sort of I'll say vertical AI
applications and we're downstream of a
lot of that if we're doing our job you
know we're taking the best of these
models and composing them to make these
amazing experiences just like if you
were VCs and someone a software as a
service company came up to you and said
step one is we're going to build our own
data centers you'd look at them very
skeptically you'd be like really like
why not just rent a server from Amazon
web server or Azure. I think the same is
true of applied AI companies. It may not
have been true a year and a half ago,
two years ago where I think everyone
wanted to like pretend they were cool.
Like,
>> oh shoot, I mean, we had Clem from
Hugging Face on and he was like, I
deeply believe that every applied AI
company needs their own foundational
model, needs to build it themselves.
>> I could not disagree more strongly with
a single sentence.
>> That was the trend in 2023. Like, you
weren't cool if you didn't have your own
foundation model and adept and character
and inflection. And it's like those all
ended differently.
>> It turns out that unless you're a
pharmaceutical company and you get
pharmaceutical companies get like you
know protection from patents for an
asset like that you know has value for a
long period of time. I mean I've heard
from multiple investors that foundation
models are the fastest deteriorating
asset of all time. And so if step one of
your business is to burn through tens of
millions or hundreds of millions of
dollars of capital before you find
product market fit and that asset has
value for like a a week, I'm not sure
it's like a great business model. And so
yeah, I could not
>> It's a very very expensive carton of
milk.
>> Let's use the hypothetical example of
training a frontier class model today.
What do you think the usable life of
that is? like you got to amortize a lot
of token generation in a pretty short
period of time to make that worth it.
>> It's complicated. There's different ways
of looking at it. So, I'll start with
like there isn't one it depends what
type of model you're building. You know,
Deepseek somewhat famously in their
paper talked about reducing the costs of
building these models. But I think
there's a difference between foundation
models and frontier models. Frontier are
really the best of the best. And this
is, you know, what labs like OpenAI
aspire to always have. And when you have
the best model, you attract different
customer base. It's sort of, you know,
always been Apple's strategy with their
devices and things like that. You know,
it's there's a difference. It's if you
think of these things as commodity,
you'll take a different strategy. You
say our goal is to have the most
intelligent model. There are downstream
benefits of that. You know, beyond the
cost of those individual models. I
actually think there's not a
one-sizefits model for most tasks. Now
there's a really interesting trend in
model building called distillation where
you can take a very high parameter count
model and essentially make a smaller
parameter count model that's call it 80%
as good and I'm just making up that
number it really varies
>> and deepseeek did this right based on
open source
>> well there's two interesting trends and
and probably the researchers will sort
of wse at my simplification here you
have distillation on one hand which can
take a very expensive model and make
something that's almost as good but much
cheaper for inference and Then you have
this post-training process which is
reinforcement learning on chains of
thought which is the basis of things
like 03 and 04 and these really advanced
models. The two together has just you
just have so many variables of like cost
performance quality reasoning all these
other things. And actually the reason I
think it's exciting is if you look at
like the database space right now
there's not one database. If you want to
do largecale data analytics you'll
choose one thing. If you want to do a
transactional data store you'll do
another. I think we're moving to that
area of models and like when Clay and I
talk about how to produce like a
delightful low latency phone
conversation, you care a lot about
latency. That's one metric of quality
that isn't intelligence, but it's
important. And put another way, if you
had to think for 30 seconds before
responding on a phone call, you know,
that might not be a viable. And then
similarly, you know, if let's say you're
a company who has a relatively
inexpensive offshore contact center and
you need your cost of your AI to be
lower than that, well cost matters, too.
If it cost, you know, $2,000 per phone
call, it might not actually be viable as
a business. So, I say all that because
I'm not sure there's one answer to your
question, Ben, because it really depends
on like who you're selling it to and
what their goals are. But I think that's
good because sometimes you want
something for drug discovery and you
want the most intelligent model.
Sometimes you want something for a low
latency transactional phone call and you
care about latency and cost more. It's
creating a market for these things where
I think if you're one of these big
foundation model companies, you actually
can have a portfolio of products. But to
your point like broadly like first
principles I think the reason why
there's you know Clay mentioned the
consolidation in the space it has to be
consolidated because to basically make
the money back on the pre-training and
post-training process you need
relatively few players that are
collecting taxes you know from all the
players on top or you just can't make
the the math work.
>> Yeah. for startups going it in on your
own is just completely nonviable in
every dimension because there's the
capex but there's also the opex you
could spend the capex let's say you
magically got $50 billion as a startup
to you know build a frontier model well
you can't just like let it sit there
right operating that model and having it
continue to run and continue to improve
on it that's what people are getting
paid $300 million you know a year to do
>> the primary constraint I don't think is
capital it starts with the people and
there's a small set of people who know
how to architect these models, do the
pre-training runs, do post-training RL
runs and and so that would be the the
starting place and then to to your point
the capital outlay for building a a data
center that can train these multi-
trillion parameter count models is just
enormous and you have to amortize the
cost of the people, amortize the cost of
the capital to build out the data
centers and then do that to your point
in a pretty short period of time in
order to make the math work. And so I do
think there there will be a very small
number of these frontier models and
research labs producing them. You know,
they will optimize all the way down to
the memory, the chips, power delivery,
and build this highly vertically
integrated stack to get as much value
out of the model as quickly as possible
and at at lowest cost possible. And by
the way though, just with all the press
around the talent, it's still a rounding
error compared to the infrastructure. So
I think it's worth keeping that in mind.
It's just very expensive period just
because it's a salacious story. The
capex is still the dominant cost.
>> Just earlier today in Google earnings,
right, they say, "Oh, we're going to
spend an extra $10 billion on
infrastructure buildout this year."
>> Going from like 75 to 85, something like
>> 75 to 85. It's like, "Oh, by the way,
we're spending another 10." That's the
scale at which these buildouts are
occurring.
>> Which is so interesting because these
tech businesses that everyone loved and
applied these really high multiples to
for so long were these asset light, low
capex requirement businesses where your
expensive thing was your human capital
to produce software and then once you've
paid for your human capital, you just
have this 85% gross margin amazing
business model of software. That's not
really true anymore. These big tech
companies have massive ongoing capex.
>> It is. I mean, it probably cuts both
ways, too. I think it represents
significant barriers to entry, too. And,
you know, I think just look at Amazon
Web Services, which is like one of the
more impressive businesses built over
the past, you know, 30 years. And in
contrast, if you look at the trends of
like how often do you see a new social
service, pretty often, right? like over
that 30-year period, it doesn't mean
that products like Facebook have gone
away, but it's the barriers to entry are
much lower as well. So, you're right,
Ben, that like the the way you model
these businesses changes. It is a
significant barrier to entry as well.
And so, I'm not sure how to think about
it strategically because you can look at
like a DCF analysis in one way. I think
it's important to zoom out. The halflife
of technology companies is not that
long. There are a few, but they're the
exception. And I I've brought this story
up before. This is 100% true. I started
at Google. We're in this small building
in Mountain View and we moved into a
campus and it was the Silicon Graphics
campus. Amusingly, by the way, they were
still using a couple of buildings on the
end. So, you had this company that was
literally dying and selling their campus
for parts.
>> I didn't realize SGI was still there.
Oh, that must have been so sad.
>> Oh, we go into the cafeteria and we had
free food and they were paying for their
food in the same cafeteria. I mean, it
was just super awkward.
>> Oh, brutal. And then though at Facebook
we were at this first the office
downtown then the old HP building next
to Stanford and then we moved into Sun
Micros campus which had also died. So
like both of those companies in my
lifetime were at the top of the stock
market and then had sold their campus
for parts and then we were taking it
over. So I say all that because it's
useful to look at like 85% margins blah
blah blah but like how many technology
companies have lasted more than 40 years
and obviously these technologies are
new. So I think it's just complicated as
you look at these things. I I would make
the same decisions as a lot of the
hyperscalers in terms of capex. I think
first the promise of the value of
artificial general intelligence is so
great. I think it is worth the expected
value equation is absolutely worth it in
my in my opinion. And then similarly, I
do think the scale afforded by these
investments represents a lot of
strategic value as well. I totally get
why it's complicated for investors, but
I think it's just the landscape changes
and I think there's probably a bigger
risk of not existing in 30 years than,
you know, sell in a spreadsheet.
>> Well, if you look at their market caps,
investors are giving them a a pass for
now. Speaking of strategy, you guys have
talked about this plenty elsewhere, but
I really want to double click with you.
Your business model and pricing strategy
at Sierra is radical. Brett, you were
most recently the co-CEO of Salesforce.
I could not imagine a more deeply like
invented software as a service category.
And so you guys making the decision to
throw out that business model and do
something else for enterprise software
is radical.
is very telling at the very least. Lay
it on us. What's the strategy and why'd
you do it?
>> Well, we started from first principles
and asked what are agents actually
doing? And in contrast to software as a
service or software you'd buy off a
shelf at, you know, Fry Electronics, you
know, decades ago, which might help you
be marginally more productive, help you
get a job done. Agents, in contrast, are
actually getting the job done for you.
And so you're in essence hiring software
to accomplish a task and get it done
well. And so we as we were thinking
about how do you price this? What is the
business model? Seat based. Well, what
is a seat? That doesn't make any sense.
Consumption where it's like is it per
message? Is it per token? Is it per
conversation? And none of these things
actually mapped very well to getting a
job done and getting a job done well.
And so going to kind of principles of
value based pricing and you know pricing
against value delivered we arrived at
what we call outcomebased pricing or
resolution based pricing where we only
charge our customers when their agent
successfully completes the task that uh
it's set out to do. So you know the ADT
case
>> and that's defined as human does not get
involved.
>> That's correct. So completely gets the
job done. And the reason this is
important is what we're trying to do in
a way is resolve this age-old tension
between the cost and quality of customer
experience where I think every great
business wants to deliver an amazing
experience to their customers. But
unless you're like Hermes or the Four
Seasons, it's too expensive to do. A
phone call might cost 10 or 15 or $20 or
rolling a truck, a service truck might
cost hundreds of dollars. And so how do
you bridge that gap? And and we think
that AI changes that. And AI, it turns
out, can do things that people value
very much. It can reason and decide. It
can take action. It can speak your
language. Uh it never gets tired. It
it's always patient. And most
importantly, it can get this job done.
And what we love about the model is it
deeply aligns with our incentives with
our customers, right? They want to lean
on their Sierra agent as much as
possible because when they do, we
deliver a better customer experience and
save the money. We're motivated to build
the most performant, capable agents that
we can. So, it ends up a very different
relationship where as opposed to kind of
vendor customer, we are partners trying
to build this incredible agent to
elevate the customer experience and and
also save cost.
>> Well, you guys are effectively carrying
the risk. You're incurring all these
costs of doing all this AI, of building
all this software, of hiring all these
people, but you're not getting paid
unless the like ultimate bottom of
funnel thing happens.
>> That's right. It's an expression of
confidence that our platform will
deliver and our agents will be the best
and that they can deliver. And so again,
I think it's a strong signal of the
quality that we can deliver, our
confidence in the technology. And again,
the incentives alignment is is extremely
powerful. If you talk to like a comp
expert, if you look at like take a
enterprise software sales team, usually
their compensation is 50% salary, 50%
performance base based on quota
attainment. With people, we've always
thought about like how do you
incentivize the behaviors you want and
it's a huge topic and uh executive
compensation, you know, for different
roles. We really just want to move
software in that direction. So, like if
the AI agent is supposed to make a sale,
it should be paid a commission. If the
AI agent is supposed to handle customer
service, it should be paid when it
solves the problem. If it doesn't, it
didn't do its job. If what didn't do
anything valuable for you, shouldn't pay
for it. To your point, Ben, we're taking
on the risk, but I also think as a
consequence, we're making something more
valuable. You know, it's very easy for
our customers to know the value of their
Sierra agent. They know how much it
would have cost to have a phone call
with a person. They know how much it
costs to have the Sierra agent solve it.
We're saving our customers hundreds of
millions of dollars in operating
expenses and improving their customer
experience. And to your point, David,
when you brought up the software as a
service revolution in the early 2000s, I
mean, I'll I'll pause. You can take this
any direction you want, but I think this
will upend the business model of
enterprise software in a really positive
way.
>> Oh, I so want to ask about this. There's
the analogy with ads, online ads, where
we move from CPM to CPC to pay per
conversion. And as you move closer and
closer to the actual value, you can
deliver a much more valuable service
>> and you have to it forces your company
to deliver value otherwise you go out of
business.
>> Have you guys started to see or discover
little glimpses? I mean really to
underscore radical and you know Brett
you said it like if this model takes
it's going to change everything this
isn't just like a pricing model when
Mark Beni off invented SAS you know it
changed everything about Silicon Valley
not just how software is delivered have
you guys started to see or get inklings
of what the second and third order
effects of the business model is going
to be
>> Clay have mentioned that we're more
partner than vendor I'm going to give my
historical context which might be
slightly embellished but you can poke at
it so if you look perpetual license
software where you bought, you know, a
version of a piece of software. What you
do is a company would buy it and then
typically you'd have a group of people
at the company who installed it and
maintained it and managed the upgrade
process and ran the servers and and did
a lot of stuff. When you had the
equivalent of that that was software as
a service, it wasn't just that you
switched from capex to OPEX and you had
a perpetual license and you went to a
subscription software which changed
accounting and all that. It also changed
the people you needed. You didn't really
need the site reliability engineers to
keep the service up because that was
actually something that you got from
your software as a service vendor. You
didn't actually have to worry about the
servers either. So you could actually
probably get rid of a data center
actually. If you switched entirely to,
you know, software as a service, you
probably don't even need a data center
team at all. So you end up where not
only do you change the way you pay for
the software, but you actually change
like the roles and responsibilities for
it. With software as a service, you kind
of like obiated the need for a lot of
the lower level kind of technical
machinery of running this software, but
you still had to install it and
customize it and all these other things.
And I always use the analogy, let's just
take like a, you know, CRM software or
something and you install it and your
sales don't improve. Like well, whose
fault is it? And I don't think many
people would blame the CRM software.
It's like maybe you're a bad
salespeople. I don't know. It's not
>> Are you talking from experience? No.
>> No. No. It's just, you know, No, it's
100%. You know, it's like we use
Salesforce here. It's a great CRM. I
love it. It's like I'm very loyal to
that place. It's more just like an
accountability thing, right? Like it's,
you know, the software vendor provides
the software. It's up to you to make it
work. And there's this like arms length
accountability for it. As you said, Ben,
we don't get paid if it doesn't work. So
it actually like really changes the
shape of what I think a software vendor
would call like a post sales process
because you know you can't just throw
software at the wall and say good luck
to you because it's actually in our
interest to make you successful too you
know and so if you don't know how to
make your agent work like we want to
come help you do that so we spend as
much time thinking about how to be
partners to our customers after they
purchase our software as we do before
and uh you know and we have customers
like you know who are extremely
technically sophisticated who like don't
even want to talk to us and that's
great. We have some who, you know,
barely have an IT team, you know, and
they like help us like we want you to
make it work and we need to make sure
that we match sort of like meet those
needs as they come up. I think that's
exciting because I think the
relationship that companies will have
with Sierra will just be will be as
different as the difference in
relationship that they we went through
with the on premises software as a
service vendor. And I think it will mean
sort of as Clay said, you're hiring an
agent to do a job. And that's just a
very different relationship than
installing a piece of software. And so I
think it's exciting. I And I think the
second of four order effects will be how
procurement teams think of what they
expect of their software vendors towards
outcomes, accountability, as you said,
Ben, risk is fundamentally the the role
here. But I also hope that if we fast
forward 10 years and maybe we have the
privilege of being you know the you're
doing an acquired on us and the magic of
our business model is when you talk to
our customers like we're the strategic
adviser in AI you know it's like a
deeper more foundational relationship
than simply a software vendor
>> which is funny I feel like the best
enterprise software organizations and
and sales folks and leaders have always
been that to their customers but the
business model wasn't aligned. They
weren't really directly incentivized to
>> you ask ahead of like when you get the
bill of materials and like like what is
this stuff?
>> Brett mentioned commission. We work with
one very large furniture retailer. We're
paid on commission if we attach a
premium delivery service to furniture
delivery. And so it was like we're
literally paid on sales commission
today. And so it just broadens the
aperture of what's possible with the
software. What are all the jobs that a
customer-f facing agent could do? And
that's where we get really excited about
the possibilities here. It's like what
will that look like when a company can
show up kind of at its best in every
moment with its customers with an agent
that is fluent and helpful and can
actually get stuff done for you across
kind of all parts of the customer life
cycle.
>> You know what's funny is we just used an
old word that is already obsolete in
your model which is post sale. You were
talking about how, oh, post sale, you
know, we're incentivized to go and work
with our customers. In fact, we demand
it. We have to because it's it's our
revenue, too. It's actually not post
sale. You signed a deal, but you haven't
made the money,
>> right? Sales don't happen until their
sales happen.
>> It's so that the whole notion of like
there's this firm dividing line between
pre-sale and then the sale and then post
sale kind of being about renewal.
Ultimately, what post sale is about is
are we going to get the renewal next
year or in 3 years or whatever. This
kind of breaks that. It does and
actually leads to a couple other things
which is like two things which is speed
to delivery matters a ton and making it
super super easy to set up matters a ton
too because to your point Ben if it's
like complicated or slow you're not
earning money till it's live and and
successful. So like we focused on a
couple things like we're typically going
live in a small handful of of weeks. It
can be as low as like two or 3 weeks for
a agile firm. you know, can go as high
as a couple months for, you know, maybe
a more, I'll say, traditional company
that has a lot of internal gates to go
live. The other thing though is spend a
lot of time to enable not just
technology teams to make these agents,
but also their customer experience
teams. One of the reasons why it
projects go slowly is you end up with
this kind of slow loop of like figure
out what the requirements are, throw
them over the wall, have someone
implement it, go, "No, that wasn't
right." go back and forth and do this
loop,
>> talk separately to the marketing team.
>> If you think about the furniture
retailer Clay mentioned, and like who's
the expert in, you know, these premium
delivery packages, what's been effective
in the past, that's someone on the
business team, not someone on the tech
team. So, we have all these no code
tools, so these teams can go in and
actually build their agents themselves.
No AI expertise, no tech expertise, but
it all goes back to the thing you said,
Ben, which is like we need these, we
need to empower customers to make these
successful interactions live because it
is a gate to our revenue model. But it
aligns all these incentives. The reason
why we're so focused on going live in
days or weeks is because we're as
interested in you in that being the
case. And I really love the incentive
alignment that it drives in our product.
>> And in theory, it should open up way
more experimentation for customers. If
you don't have to sign a big contract
and then be locked into that vendor and
have a big implementation time and owe
them a certain amount of money no matter
what. It's like okay I'll adopt five
vendors and like we'll see which one
actually moves the needle for our
business. Now that ignores the
complexity of like there is real setup
time and there's human focus as your
sort of bottleneck. But if we can solve
some of these problems then in theory
companies should just you know adopt way
more partners and see what works in the
way that cloud allowed you to just allow
your engineers to quickly spin something
up versus provisioning a server. It cuts
both ways too. You know, I think one
thing if you talk to like a head of
technology at a big firm right now,
they've probably done too many proofs of
concept and don't have enough live
successful. So, it cuts both ways. Like,
you know, it's fine to experiment if you
have the wherewithal to like make
decisions and move quickly. When we
advise our clients, we often say like,
you know, have the business metric
you're going to go achieve and just go
achieve it, you know, and running a lot
of experiments can be useful, but often,
you know, just having the like top down
initiative to do it is just as
important. But then there's this other
thing I think related to what you said.
There's this term in enterprise
software, best of platform or best of
breed. Best of platform is sort of like
that proverb, no one gets fired for
buying IBM. It's basically saying like
look if you have a huge enterprise
license agreement with you know one of
the big incumbent vendors Microsoft or
whatever and you know they have a new
offering for an ERP system buying that
like no one's going to your CEO is not
going to be like you bought a ERP system
for Microsoft what are you crazy like no
one will ever say that so that that's
where like I think procurement processes
and purchasing processor tend towards
platforms you know and so the more a
technology is considered a commodity I
think the more it tends towards best of
platform because you get essentially
commodities of scale. You can, you know,
in your big enterprise license
agreement, you can get better discounts.
You can do all these things. You don't
need to onboard a new vendor security
blah blah blah. When new technologies
come out, this pendulum swings from best
of platform towards best of breed. And
the reason for that is incumbents
typically aren't that great at these new
technologies. We talked about business
model changes. says if you're a software
as a service vendor, you kind of have a
strategic impediment to embracing new
business models. Similarly, just because
you're good at making a database in the
cloud for ITSM system doesn't mean
you're necess
agents, right? So, there's technology
barriers, there's business model
barriers. And so right now I think to
your point Ben people are experimenting
a lot more but also bluntly put the
value of the AI agent in displacing
labor costs is so much greater than the
software costs that you know people will
go towards the highest quality software
right now which is in companies like
Sierra. I don't think that will happen
forever. You know at some point it we'll
be talking on this podcast and it's like
oh yeah AI agents I made one I made 12
this weekend. you know, it's like not
it's not will no longer be technically
hard and then you start to swing back
towards platforms and this is the race.
So like right now there are best of
breed companies like Sierra can we gain
enough of a clientele and customer base
and customer success that in 10 years we
are the incumbent or will we not prove
our value to enough people such that
when the best practices these
technologies become more commonplace
that you know incumbents can adopt it.
And you see this time and time again. I
think it's why almost every great
technology company was born in a period
of technology disruption. The internet
gave birth to everything from Salesforce
to Google to Amazon. The mobile phone
gave WhatsApp, Uber, Door Dash,
Instacart. And so right now it's like I
just look at all these like saplings
that are growing right now and like
which of them will grow into the next
generation. So anyway, that's how I
think about it for what it's worth is
like it's like a race right now. Quality
is all that matters and it's why you
know our company's growing so well, but
it is not something we're entitled to
for a decade. We need to essentially
create the kind of scale that is
necessary as as this technology becomes
commonplace.
>> So you've both led really big teams and
you both have been sort of the like
crack incubation project in the past.
Brad, I'm thinking Google Maps or Clay,
you know, recently with Project
Starline, which is now Google Beam. Is
that the right
>> Google beam? Yeah, beam me up, Scotty.
>> Sweet. In building Sierra in this AI
era, is there anything different about
being leaders of people and and leaders
of teams versus sort of these almost
famous teams that you've led in the
past? I think first and foremost in
building a startup you operate just at
an entirely different scale like orders
of magnitude smaller scale than Brett
and I were operating at in certainly our
most recent jobs and so there's a a
proximity to all of the details all of
the work that is important in building
and running the business and that I
think is part of leadership and
demonstrating is like look we are in a
very small boat together and out to
build something great Brett will on a
Sunday night check in, you know, a
thousand lines of pristine code and I
will be in the weeds of pricing
proposals and our contracts and the
exact copy and our marketing language
and and so on. So, I think first and
foremost, it's it's just a level of
being in the details. I think one thing
we've tried to bring to Sierra that I
think echoes running these larger teams
with uh broader sets of functions is
when you're operating at the kind of
intersection between what is possible
and what is not yet possible. This kind
of zone of the barely doable, it's super
important that to the largest extent
possible, you be able to kind of control
your own technology destiny. And so we
talked earlier, we don't do our own
pre-training. don't build our own
foundation models. We do have a small
research team. And I think that's
somewhat uncommon for an applied
application layer company, but many of
the breakthroughs that we've had that
have enabled us to to deliver such
quality and cost savings and more have
come through novel agent architectures
and and really going down a click or two
in in the stack to innovate at at lower
levels of the technology stack.
>> Has that felt familiar to you? because
it seems like your whole career has kind
of been in frontier technologies if you
look at all the AR and VR and
>> very much so that's actually one of the
one of the parts I love most about
building Sierra is you are at this
frontier where it's like can we even
make this work can we get this thing to
to do this thing reliably and and well
and so it's not a simple matter of
programming it's not you know typing
into a keyboard until or or I guess
asking cursor to do something until a
piece of software emerges, it's
exploration, it's discovery, it's posing
hypotheses and validating or
invalidating those again and again and
again. And so there's a real element of
science and exploration and figuring out
how to make this thing work in addition
to then translating those inventions
into things that are directly useful for
our customers. contrasting what we do
today with you know augmented reality
glasses kind of the development cycle
for a waveguide or a display is like
years or you know maybe just under a
decade. What I love about this is the
immediiacy. We can have a breakthrough
in our agent architecture on Monday
implemented on Tuesday and have it
deployed with hundreds of our customers
on Wednesday and directly see the impact
of of that work. I love the immediiacy
of that and to have both this kind of
invention and discovery and the unknown
which is very exciting to to be in and
the direct you know practical
application of it. It's super fun and
and one of the best parts of building
the company.
>> Brett, how's leadership felt different
for you this time around versus
Salesforce or Facebook or
>> so plus one to everything Clay said? I
think creating a company in the age of
AI is interesting because we talked
about how software engineering is
impacted by AI, but everyone's job is as
well. So, I think one thing culturally
that feels meaningful is having active
conversations about how to use AI to do
our jobs differently. It's an awkward
conversation, but you know, it's like if
you're a software engineer and you're
not using something like cursor to do
your job, you're probably being half as
productive or even worse than you could
be. And so there's almost this like you
want people to sort of adopt these tools
because they want to and you sort of
need to sort of voluntel them to do it
too. You know, it's like I don't think
we can succeed as a company if we're not
the poster child for automation and
everything that we do. And that feels
really different. And I have a lot of
empathy because I'll just take like a
real simple example. Like Salesforce had
80,000 employees after the pandemic.
Getting people back to the office was a
total pain in the ass. You know, like
just people had moved, people this
lifestyle changes, all these things.
Every big company goes through it. And
people who say it's easy like haven't
run an 80,000 person company. You know,
it's like and different people have
different approaches. It's just hard. At
Sierra, we're in the office company. And
we just said if you don't want to be in
the office, don't work here. It's super
easy. Like we're a new company. So it's
just so easy to do these things at a
small scale. I observe just like having
everyone in our company, you know, you
didn't use chat GPT deep research before
your sales meeting. Are you kidding me?
Like that's a best practice that
everyone should do. Imagine doing that
with, you know, 10,000 salespeople, you
know, to roll that out. So I think about
it a lot and then just having the
vantage point of having come from larger
I just have a ton of empathy for for
lack of a better word like the cultural
change management of absorbing these
technologies into larger organizations.
So we're trying to be the poster child
of it and then because we are a partner
to so many larger firms. I have a lot of
empathy for the challenges of adopting
technology into cultures. I think it's
really really hard and I have a ton of
respect for leaders who are able to do
it at a larger scale.
>> I'm curious maybe as a good final
question for you guys on this front
about you guys as co-founders. I imagine
that must have been extremely
intentional because it's not like either
of you given your careers couldn't have
just gone and built a company yourself,
probably funded it yourself. You didn't
need like the team slide to raise money
so to speak, you know, having you both
on there.
>> Or better put, you could have only had
the team slide.
>> Yeah. You're right. For for either of
you, it would have sufficed. It must
have been very intentional. How did you
guys think about it?
>> I've been trying to work with Clay
unsuccessfully
every single day since I left Google in
2007.
>> This was 20 years in the making.
>> The short version of this is the only
way I could convince Clay to actually
work with me to start a company with
him. So, I was like, "Fine, I'll do it."
I'm just kidding. It was sort of like
that, though. So, we started in the same
program. Marissa Meyer hired us both at
Google as associate product managers. We
were more or less friends ever since. It
was like a relatively small group of
people.
>> Legendary program.
>> Oh, totally. And we had this monthly
poker game that happened roughly twice a
year. Uh just because people were busy.
But so we've been friends for a while
and every single place I went I would
call Clay and be like, "You got to come
here. It's great." Clay was like, "Sunar
has as high of opinion as Clay as I do."
And it was just like hard to, you know,
make everything work. And so we had lots
of dinners and Clay may have a different
version of this, but I'm just like I
just kept on getting rejected. And so
then when I said I was leaving
Salesforce, we ended up having this long
lunch and we both found out we shared a
passion for large language models.
>> What year was this?
>> This was December 2022.
>> Okay. So Chad GPT had just come out.
>> Just come out. I had announced I was
leaving Salesforce. ChatV comes out like
a week later and we're all just talking
about it and I was like I didn't know
what I was going to do, but now I know
I'm going to work on this. I don't know
what yet.
>> You thought I was kind of the ARVR guy,
which I was, but also in labs, I had
been obsessed with language models and
things like notebook LM, which came out
of it. And we were both like, okay, we
are both obsessed with what is unfolding
right now in technology and where this
goes. And over that lunch, Hatch plans
to start the company together.
>> We had no idea what we're going to do.
We figured it out like much later in
like March cuz you you got to get out of
your job, do all these things. We just
knew, we just had the premise which is
this technology is going to change
everything. It's going to create a bunch
of business opportunities. Let's go ride
into the darkness and figure it out
later. But just to met a point, I'm just
a huge believer in the power of
partnership. I mean, you've interviewed
a lot of entrepreneurs. It's hard. It's
like stressful. You take everything
personally. It is so nice to have a
partner to do it with because, you know,
when you're having the moment and you
need to like just like rant at the sky,
you can we can call each other up. I
just couldn't imagine doing it solo. I
just don't Well, it's funny. Part of the
reason I asked the question, I didn't
want to lead the witness too much, but
you we talked about at the beginning of
our Google episode, the vast majority of
companies we cover is the, you know, the
singular founder, the Mark Zuckerberg,
the I mean, even Microsoft, like, you
know, Bill had Paul Allen.
>> They have co-founders, but they're not
the main
>> the main guy. You guys grew up at
Google, which was like a true
partnership. Yeah. I would just wonder
if like that, you know, formative
experience and seeing Larry and Sergey
together rubbed off on you a little bit.
It it's actually funny you say that too
because Clay and Brett, Brett and Clay,
it has Larry and Sergey like people talk
about us as a unit. They joke around
that we spend way too much time
together. So
>> so much time together. Instead of having
a holiday party, we have a Sierra
birthday party every year in March. And
Brett and I said a few remarks and
someone said, "You guys seem to have a
really nice dynamic." This was one of
the spouses there. And I said, "Yo, it
helps that we actually like each other
and like spending time together." The
other funny thing is like I'm not sure
which of you made the better decision
after your APM stint of like Brett, you
obviously created a lot of market cap
where you went. Clay, you you also like
by not going anywhere created a lot of
market cap.
>> Yeah. It turns out both Facebook and
Google are pretty good companies. So
>> Brett, in many ways I feel like you have
the single best career of anyone in
Silicon Valley in the last 50 years.
like do you ever like reflect on that
and pinch yourself and go how the hell
did this happen?
>> Uh well that's very kind of you. The
thing actually I feel most grateful for
is to have been inside of some of these
remarkable companies. There is a
parallel to actually the acquired
podcast. What I've always loved about
listening to your overviews of companies
is the genuine sort of like affection
for the companies and business models
and what makes them great and what makes
them tick. like it exudes from the way
you talk about these companies and I
feel that way about Google and
Salesforce and Facebook and and my own
companies that I've started because
they're all so different yet they're all
successful and you know I remember first
going into like a Salesforce management
team meeting and being like I don't
understand anything going on here. It
was just so different than you know
certainly Quip the company I had started
but like Facebook and Google yet it was
this remarkably successful company. So,
so I was like an anthropologist, you
know, it's like Jane Goodall observing
the gorillas or something like what is
going on here? I'm like taking notes.
I'm like, so when he says this, this
person does that and why is that good? I
need to figure this out. And so you end
up realizing just like the shape of
consumer companies and enterprise
companies. And I thought I knew what
great go to market looked like until I
went to Salesforce and realized that I
had just simply never seen greatness
before. I just feel like it's been such
a privilege to learn from people like
Marissa and Larry and Sergey and and
spend a lot of time with Mark Zuckerberg
and Mark Beni off who's one of the
closest mentors I've had in business. So
yeah, the the resume
whatever it's and very kind words you
said, but actually for me just having
been there and actually gotten to see
what you all cover every day, but first
person and like actually contribute to
it, what a privilege. So it's like been
a fun just to observe some of the great
companies of Silicon Valley. And
meanwhile, Clay, you you got to know the
absolute crap out of Google while Brett
is doing all that.
>> 18 years, is that right? over 18 years I
worked on basically every part of the
company search and ads and then uh ran
product and design for workspace and
kind of played an enterprise software
person on TV for a couple of years
because it was both the consumer
applications and and then Google apps
for work and then there was that awkward
period of G Suite before it was
workspace a name I I much prefer and
then spent most of the last 10 years
working for Sundar building
forward-looking things for the company
AR R and VR, Google Lens, one of the
earlier applications of applied AI, and
then most recently rehydrating Google
Labs, at least the name, as kind of a
incubator of forward-looking bets for
the company. And that's where, you know,
things like AI Studio and Notebook LM
and some of the more recent AI
applications came out of. touching on a
similar thread as Brett. I just feel
such gratitude to have seen greatness up
close to have been a some small part of
building the company and to have had
within 18 years at Google in a way you
know I don't know two three four
different careers or jobs where I built
hardware from scratch and you know
visited assembly lines in China to see
you know headsets and wearables being
assembled and that was something that
when I joined in 2005 as an APM working
on some part of the ad system you never
would have occurred to me. And so the
flexibility, the opportunity and and the
privilege of operating with such scale,
building something and having it in the
hands of hundreds of millions, if not
billions of people, it's truly
something. I love my time there and I'm
immensely grateful for everything I I
learned and most of all the friends and
and just amazing colleagues I I made
along the way.
>> Amazing. All right. Wait, I got one more
question before we wrap. I can't let
this be friend lunches, poker games
during the plus era.
What was your conversation like then?
You know, Brett, did you know you were
going to win?
>> We've woven in and out. Like when I
started Quip, Clay was working on Google
apps, so we were still cordial. You
know, we didn't talk shop very much
during it.
>> Well, he was a giant and Quip was so
small. I mean, at that time it was like,
sorry, sorry.
>> It was the notion of its time.
>> That's this is Ben's strategy. He builds
you up and then he cuts you down. Like
>> and it was interesting our poking like
Lars Rasmmanson who was one of the guys
who created Google Maps with me also
went to Facebook and was part of our
poker circle too. And so we mixed a lot
and actually testament to like
relationships being deeper than rivalry
in some of these places. It it was still
very fun. We gave each other a little
you know, so it was fun.
>> My favorite years at Google were
definitely not the plus years. I'll I'll
just say that.
>> Yeah. Brett, you probably weren't even
allowed out of the building to go play
poker because it was, you know,
>> the code lockdown, right? Yeah. Totally.
This is something that I think is
totally lost to history unless you guys
lived it like you. At Facebook, it was
an existential threat. We are so scared
that Google's actually going to get this
right. And at Google, the the earthquake
memo. I mean, Google for three years
completely reoriented priorities as a
company saying we have to nail social.
It wasn't just like a side thing for
either company. This was like the
battlefield. And it ended up actually
being a nothing burger, but at the time
it really mattered to both sides.
>> It did. I mean this is the thing like
this is what's going on with AI right
now too. I mean when smart people at all
these companies realize the size of
these markets and you know at the time
how will sharing within these social
graphs and private networks impact the
net and search and all these other
things like it it feels existential on
all sides and you know I think it's
easier to trivialize it's very easy to
make plus jokes but but it was like a
genuine effort and
>> easy for you to make sure.
>> Yeah certainly. Uh so it's like you know
um and I've certainly had my my mistakes
in the past. We wanted you to go through
those all today. I think there are a lot
of parallels though because when you
have a technology incumbent faced with a
big new wave of technology. You know
Microsoft famously I think fumbled on
mobile despite Windows phone and Windows
Mobile being ahead of many of the other
operating systems at one point did very
well in cloud but both were treated with
a lot of gravity at that company. And
right now just that analogy part of it
was born of the like personal rivalries
and and the staff weaving between
Facebook and Google which was somewhat
unique uh to that time. Uh you know put
another way I think I joke there's like
a corporate strategy and then there's
like pure ego and I think it was a mix
of a lot of the two but I think you can
see the same thing in AI right now.
Everyone's trying to like recognize this
wave of technology is going to
dramatically change markets and what do
we want to be when we grow up and you're
going to see the equivalent of
Earthquake at a lot of different
companies right now given the wave of
AI.
>> Well, Brett, Clay, thank you so much for
coming on with us.
>> Thanks for having us.
>> Thank you so much for having us.
>> Listeners, we'll see you next time.
>> We'll see you next time.